TELCODOCS-1150: nmstateconfig update for day2 worker on DHCP subnet (#56994)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/sno-adding-worker-nodes-to-sno-clusters-manually.adoc

$ coreos-installer install --ignition-url=<hosted_worker_ign_file> <hard_disk>
----

.. To manually enable DHCP, apply the following `NMStateConfig` CR to the {sno} cluster:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: agent-install.openshift.io/v1
kind: NMStateConfig
metadata:
  name: nmstateconfig-dhcp
  namespace: example-sno
  labels:
    nmstate_config_cluster_name: <nmstate_config_cluster_label>
spec:
  config:
    interfaces:
      - name: eth0
        type: ethernet
        state: up
        ipv4:
          enabled: true
          dhcp: true
        ipv6:
          enabled: false
  interfaces:
    - name: "eth0"
      macAddress: "AA:BB:CC:DD:EE:11"
----
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> The `NMStateConfig` CR is required for successful deployments of worker nodes with static IPs and for adding a worker node with dynamic IP if the {sno} was deployed with static IP. The cluster network DHCP does not automatically set these network settings for the new worker node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `NMStateConfig` CR is required for successful deployments of worker nodes with static IP addresses and for adding a worker node with a dynamic IP address if the {sno} was deployed with a static IP address. The cluster network DHCP does not automatically set these network settings for the new worker node.
```
See the SSG: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#_i
See the ISG: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#i

+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> The `NMStateConfig` CR is required for successful deployments of worker nodes with static IPs. The cluster network DHCP does not automatically set these network settings for the new worker node.

Author: @achuzhoy Updated, PTAL
